hi everyone today is 7-eleven bring your
own cup day which means you can bring
any container that you want as long as
under ten inches tall and we got chosen
this container here and we're going to
completely fill it up with some Slurpee
so let's go to 7-eleven and fill it up
this is 7-eleven guys we're here to fill
up our container is that whatever
container that you bring has to fit
within this ten inch hole didn't Joseph
let's see if it's in the hole yeah it
sure does it's good to go
all right guys let's go on in let's go
to sleep machine right there it's right
there there's a Slurpee machine
don't fill it up but while cherry
you can do either wild cherry or orange
clean wait which one you guys want North
raspberry I only have pina coladas
pretty good okay only rest man
because not really like blue raspberry
so orange cream or wild cherry which
point you guys line we're doing half and
half I know do all three oh yeah do tear
in the bottom and then orange cream and
then blue raspberry on top okay that you
guys shoot you like oranges right yeah
let's do orange cream because let's go
let me have to try get but then help her
if you're further down the other side
yeah go ahead
okay.what down they still don't let it
overflow guys
keep an eye out make sure you hold on to
Joseph so doesn't Paul
a little bit more justice cracking a
little bit more okay that's good
look I'll get our straws move move don't
spill it yeah
oh my god
you guys didn't split these two down
that way okay turn around take a big
picture I'm gonna hold it
what is that one it's orange cream like
ice cream Phenix to Joseph Freddie
Vicky's really nice smile Timothy all
right good job let's go okay let's put
the straws in okay why blues get the
paint no you have to pay for it first
go ahead one two three
zip away what does that piss you guys
like it no is it good okay I'll play did
you get a brain freeze
no let's go again let's okay
is there tax on it okay so it's 161
right all right
okay thank you thank you okay let's go
guys you don't like this one really we
try it it's good oh my gosh is so good
yeah it's so good I like the orange one
you guys like it well you guys bring
your container oh look at that he got
second teeners - yeah it has a 50 the
whole you like it now it tastes good
right
YUM oh my god I had a frizzy to me turn
around stop drinking I need to get stop
drinking here should we turn to the
camera ready
look at the camera to me all right
you